What the hell is this?
This looks like ammunition.
Aren't these chocolate chips?
The supermarket downstairs of my house is 10 yuan for a big box.
Hey everyone, our Master Wang is here today
He is a first-class treasure appraisal expert in Jiangcheng
The treasure of the world
omniscient
You get a broken chocolate chip.
How can you compare with us?
Shen Yan, where did you get this gift from?
I bought this on the side of the road before I came
rest assured
Not Shenyang
Just brought by everyone
You also saw the gift
You take this
How can you play with me?
What about security?
Security kicked these two idiots out for me
You are here to embarrass our Ye family and die now
I didn't expect there to be such a treasure in this world
The best